safari/README.md, before:

You must run `yarn:build:all` in '/tokenizer' before building.

Building for web extensions(ios and mac) run `scripts/copy_extension_files.sh` in build phase.

### UniFFI rust
1. Run `scripts/build_uniffi.sh` before compiling sources, in build phases for ios extension.
2. Added to `Build Settings > Other Linker flags` for ios extension:

For any ios simulator: `-XLinker $(PROJECT_DIR)/rust/liblindera_sim.a -XLinker $(PROJECT_DIR)/rust/libanki_rs_sim.a`
For any ios: `-XLinker $(PROJECT_DIR)/rust/liblindera.a -XLinker $(PROJECT_DIR)/rust/libanki_rs.a`

3. Removed from 'link binary with libraries' in build phase for ios extension.

4. Created `Bridging-Header.h` with content
```
#ifndef Bridging_Header_h
#define Bridging_Header_h

#import "uniffi_linderaFFI.h"
#import "uniffi_ankiFFI.h"

#endif /* Bridging_Header_h */
```

5. Add `Bridging-Header.h ` to `Build Settings > Objective-C Bridging Header`

6. run build, then on error, add all files in 'rust' folder to project in XCode.

### Principal class

Changed `NSExtensionPrincipalClass` in Info.plist to IOSWebExtensionHandler for ios web extension, and MacWebExtensionHandler for mac

Commit message:

refactor: combine anki_rs and lindera_wasm rust code

safari/README.md, after:

You must run `./build.sh` in '/rust' before building.

After editing rust library, run build to get accurate type analysis in XCode.

Added build phase when building for web extensions(univ.) to run `scripts/copy_extension_files.sh`

### UniFFI rust
1. Run `scripts/build_uniffi.sh` before compiling sources, in build phases for ios extension.
2. Added to `Build Settings > Other Linker flags` for ios extension:

For any ios simulator: `-XLinker $(PROJECT_DIR)/rust/libyomikiri_sim.a`
For any ios: `-XLinker $(PROJECT_DIR)/rust/libyomikiri_rs.a`

3. Removed from 'link binary with libraries' in build phase for ios extension.

4. Created `Bridging-Header.h` with content
```h
#ifndef Bridging_Header_h
#define Bridging_Header_h

#import "uniffi_yomikiriFFI.h"

#endif /* Bridging_Header_h */
```

5. Add `Bridging-Header.h ` to `Build Settings > Objective-C Bridging Header`

6. run build, then on error, add all files in 'rust' folder to project in XCode.

### Principal class

Changed `NSExtensionPrincipalClass` in Info.plist to IOSWebExtensionHandler for ios web extension, and `MacWebExtensionHandler` for mac
